After creating our first relationship, it's time to create another one.
So we have established a connection between the DIM-AgeGroup table and the FACT-Population table.
If we go back to report view now and say we don't want to see the population by the categories but by countries,
we could simply change that.
To do this, we simply unselect the category right here and now we have the initial chart that we already
know
and if you now click onto the arrow next for the DIM-Region table and now simply drag the let's say region
name to the legend right here, then you get an error again
but I think you know why we have that error right now, because we have to establish the relationship
again.
Now let's do this again by going back to relationship view and this time we will do it another way,
we will use the manage relationships button up here in the home ribbon.
Let's click that
and you can see that you have an overview of the existing relationships and you have those four options.
You can create a new relationship which is what we want to do,
you can auto-detect relationships,
you remember we unselected that auto-detection in the options in the beginning of this course, we can
edit existing relationships and we can delete relationships. Now
in our case, we want to create a new relationship.
So let's do this by pressing new
and now we have to select the tables that we want to connect,
in our case this is the FACT-Population table and the DIM-Region table and what we want to connect?
Well this is the country ID and the country ID,
so it is already correct right here and as we already learned, we can select the columns that we want to
relate by clicking them
but of course you can only relate the columns that have the same IDs
otherwise you might get wrong results as we had it before when we related the AgeGroup-ID with the
country ID.
However as we got this and as we will ignore that part for the moment, we can simply press OK right now
and we can see that we established a second relationship between the FACT-Population table again and now
the DIM-Region table.
If we close that, we can again see that the relationship was established and if you now go back to our
report view, you can see that we have a beautiful chart which shows us the development of the population
for the different regions and for instance if you go right here, you can see that the biggest region is and
will be Asia
but for instance Africa is expected to grow a lot in the next years.
Now with that information, we now created our first relationships and we have a basic understanding of
how we can create those relationships
but we saw some more things, that cardinality, that cross filter direction and that active properties.
What that is and how we can work with it,
let's learn that in the next video.